Drive Stats
Initial Ideas 
	Could be linked to Samsung watch to push notifications. E..g. when one is travelling too fast, a warning sound is emitted, another sound is emitted in a known crime zone and so on.
	Tips could be given by the app on to improve a certain individuals driving e.g. brake slower.
	Voice Recognition could be used to communicate with the app.
	Intended for business use, but a low end version can be used to check your driving. 
	Could be linked to social media – where users compare driving rating, with other members in their friend list.
	Could be made game-like – have a game mood – linked to personal use and/or social media.

Technology
Thinking of using various Android Development – Technologies
	Hybrid class platform– Titantium Studious with javascript. 
	Zamrin development - 
	Traditional java development – Android Studio/ Eclipse with addons.

Open authentication using gmail or fb, can be used to login and compare driving scores / results either on the website or social network.

CMUSphinx can be used as the speech recognition software. It is opne source and i also provides good Java integration and demo applications.

There are various Android Wear APIs which form part of the Android Support Library and Google Play services. When using these libraries, handheld devices running Android 4.3 or later can communicate with wearables. These APIs can handle synced notifications, voice actions and sending data between the handheld devices and wearables devices.

IronManThrowyThingy
Initial Ideas 
	If possible have functionality to transfer images to multiple screens in the case of conference with 2 or 3 screens from multiple angles.
	Youtube videos could be casted on to the screen by sending the link of the video – then if the bigger screen has internet access then the video will continue playing from the point it was stopped on the mobile device.
	

Technology
Open Source Software such as GPSTracker by nickfox (github), can be used to track the phones location and this can then later be used to specify which screen the image should be cast to.


Eavesdropping
Initial Ideas
	The eavesdropping software can also have the added functionality of tracking the user.
	The anti-eavesdropping software could also record the IP address of the mobile phone who sent the sms to initiate the eavesdropping.
	A log of known eavesdropping/malware software can be used for easier checking for this malicious software.



Technology
